♪ ♪
Pull over. I want to walk
the rest of the way.
Come on, guys.
It's only a couple blocks.
And I haven't been
outside the embassy in days.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
We're on our way.
(low, indistinct radio chatter)
Hey, Chief.
How long to the target?
A little over eight minutes.
We scrambled
two Fox 15-Echos as soon as
the intelligence came back.
Are the jets authorized
to enter Pakistani airspace?
Waiting for word
from CENTCOM.
Can we send a
drone instead?
Not in the time frame.
What about ground teams?
There are none
operating in the area.
I need to talk
to Islamabad.
He's on the secure uplink.
Okay.
Talk to me, Sandy.
What's the issue?
No issue. Only that
I'm just hearing about this
for the first time.
He's number four
on the hit list, Carrie;
what more do you need to know?
The source of your intel.
Same as the last four
high-value kills.
Does he have a name yet,
this source?
The deal was anonymity
in exchange for information.
So far, it's been
a very fruitful relationship.
Well, so far, we've always had
time to get a second opinion,
double-check the intelligence.
Well, consider the target.
What do you mean?
Well, there's a reason
you don't get many shots
at a guy like Haissam Haqqani;
he's famously careful.
Well, we trained him, didn't we?
Trained him? Hell, he learned
how to jump out of airplanes
with the 82nd Airborne.
Did CENTCOM get back?
Authorization to engage.
On your command.
Where's the live feed from?
We got lucky, jacked
into a NATO satellite.
And that's the
location right there?
Yeah, the building
in the middle.
It's a farmhouse of
some kind, I'm told.
How confident are we
Haqqani's in the farmhouse?
One of those
vehicles out front--
the red Hi-Lux-- we've seen it
at his compound in Miranshah.
What about CDE concerns?
No other habitations
within 75 meters of the target.
Well, obviously anybody
inside the farmhouse
would be collateral damage.
Yeah.
I'd feel a lot better
if we weren't so blind
on such a short clock.
Sandy's source
has always been rock solid.
Yes, he has.
And Haqqani's made a bad habit
of killing American soldiers.
Where are the F-15s?
Uh, they're buzzing the border.
They can be on the target
in 60 seconds.
Any friendlies in the area?
No.
Ordinance restrictions?
None.
Send them in.
Yes, ma'am.
Smash 11, this is Control.
How do you hear?
PILOT:
I have you loud and clear.
I have you also, Smash 11.
It's playtime.
12 from 11. Currently in comms
with JTAC. Dial in.
Hey, where you going?
I think you can
handle it from here.
Just have the pilots do
a couple of recce passes
afterwards for
damage assessment.
Uh, stick around,
will you?
I'm supposed to be on
a Skype call with my sister.
Stick around.
Control standing by.
The group has a little
something planned.
Control, we're two mikes out.
Calm winds.
Copy that.
Two mikes out.
Call weapons gone
and time of flight.
WILCO. Hammer down.
Three, two, one.
Weapons free, ten seconds.
Copy that.
Ten seconds to impact.
Blast two coming left.
Pick up a heading 270.
Clearing airspace.
Okay.
Shut it down. Well done.
Thank you, everybody.
Chief.
Thanks, Chief.
Oh.
ALL: ♪ For she's
a jolly good fellow ♪
♪ For she's a jolly
good fellow ♪
♪ For she's
a jolly good fellow ♪
♪ Which nobody can deny. ♪
Happy birthday, Chief.
MAN: Happy birthday.
"The Drone Queen"?
(chuckles)
MAN: Speech, speech.
ALL: Speech.
Uh... Well, I, uh...
I don't know what to say.
(chuckles)
Blow out the candles.
All right.
Hey!
(cheering)
♪ ♪
(Skype ringing)
(Skype beeps)
Hey, Maggie.
What happened to you?
I know. I'm sorry.
I couldn't get away.
Well, you just missed them.
No, don't tell me.
(clicks tongue)
We waited and waited.
Finally Dad gave up
and took her to the park.
Shit.
I've been looking forward
to this all day.
Well, they'll be back
in a couple hours.
Oh, what am I saying?
It's after midnight there.
I've just taken my Ambien, so...
You really need to
wean yourself off that stuff,
Carrie; it's not good for you.
Well, neither is not sleeping.
Hey,
happy birthday.
Thanks.
So? What'd you do
for your birthday?
Interrogated a couple prisoners,
flew another mission.
It's all over the Internet right
now just how bad it is there.
Well, that's mostly
in the tribal areas.
The capital's been
relatively peaceful lately.
If you can call
eight suicide attacks
in a week relatively peaceful.
You should be in Istanbul,
out of harm's way,
and Franny should be with you.
Well, that was the plan.
How is she, anyway?
A week older than
the last time we talked.
(sighs)
(men shouting)
(speaking Pashto)
(shouting continues)
GAGE:
You guys spent $134 billion
on operational contractor
support last year.
LOCH:
That figure's high.
GAGE:
Call it $120, then.
LOCH:
Ballpark.
GAGE (chuckles):
Okay.
Ballpark.
But I do know for a fact
that expenditure will double
when the U.S. and NATO combat
mission ends in December.
LOCH:
Meaning we're gonna
have to hire a lot more
private military companies
like yours to fill
the security vacuum.
That's why
we're here, General.
We have a proposal.
LOCH:
What is it?
Saul's gonna brief you.
Saul?
Hmm?
The force multiplier effect.
Yeah.
What Aaron means
is that, uh...
Actually, I have another thing
I was gonna mention.
Just a thought
I want to throw out there.
Okay.
If we'd known in 2001
we were staying in Afghanistan
this long,
we'd have made
some very different choices.
Right?
Instead, our planning cycles
rarely looked
more than
12 months ahead.
So it hasn't been a 14-year war
we've been waging,
but a one-year war
waged 14 times.
I think we're walking away
with the job half done.
Saul, could I speak
with you?
Ask the general
what he thinks.
Have we given
our counterinsurgency program
a chance to work?
Saul.
Excuse us.
Saul, what are you doing?
I think I have
an obligation.
What are you doing?
A troop drawdown
will only inspire the enemy.
Afghan security forces
are nowhere near ready
to step into the breach.
Save it for your op-ed.
We're trying
to win a contract here.
Wasn't it Trollope
who said the best capitalist is
someone who's greedy and honest?
First, the drawdown's happening,
whether you like it or not.
Second, it represents
a significant market opportunity
for this firm.
I was there
when we first went in, Aaron.
Kabul looked like one of those
black-and-white photos
of Dresden, 1945--
blasted, wasted,
deserted.
I'm aware of
how much of your life
you have invested
in this fight...
Girls not allowed
in school,
roving gangs of men with whips
enforcing sharia law,
a safe haven again for al-Qaeda.
It's not your job anymore
to have a say in the matter.
We really want
to risk going back to all that?
Did you hear me, Saul?
It's not
your job anymore.
Do we have the after-action
download from the cockpits?
We do.
I want to see the
reconnaissance photos.
Mary's got them
on her laptop.
NEWS ANCHOR: ...the deaths
of over 40 civilians.
The strike took place at
11:04 p.m. in Dande Darpa Khel,
a militant stronghold in the
North Waziristan tribal agency
near the Afghan border.
Members of the
Pakistani Taliban
vowed retaliation
for the alleged attack.
"Haissam Haqqani has been
martyred," said a spokesperson
for the Pakistani Taliban,
who added that Mr. Haqqani
was attending a wedding
at the time of the attack
and that over 40 members
of his family were also killed.
"They have turned a wedding
into a funeral pyre," he said.
"Our revenge
will be unprecedented."
Fuck you, too.
Katie, fly a Reaper over the AO.
I want to see ground zero
in the light of day.
On it.
Well, at least we got
confirmation of Haqqani's death.
Yeah, but if this
wedding's for real,
nobody's gonna
give a shit.
(crowd clamoring)
MARTHA:
I saw the kill list
after 9/11.
Do you know
how many names were on it?
Seven.
Including bin Laden
and al-Zawahiri.
You know how many names
are on it today?
Over 2,000.
It's Alice
in fucking Wonderland.
You don't even have to be a
terrorist anymore, apparently.
You just have to
look like one.
Where's Sandy anyway?
He said he's coming.
Where is it written that
an ambassador must spend 90%
of her time cleaning up
after her chief of station?
Nowhere, but it is the
case almost everywhere.
Well, we get along.
Why can't you be
my station chief?
Sorry I'm late.
Peter has just been
filling me in
on the well-wishers gathering
outside our front gate.
I saw that. Hey, Peter.
I've also got
the foreign minister
on my call sheet.
What can I tell him?
That Haissam Haqqani's dead.
I know that already.
What else?
It's pure PR bullshit,
the wedding claim.
Technically, it wasn't
even a drone strike.
Technically?
It was a bombing run.
Two F-15Es.
You're right.
I don't think I'll share that
with the foreign minister.
But just
so I'm clear...
...somebody high up
in the Pakistani government
signed off on this, right?
Oh, come on, Martha.
What?
It's their airspace,
their sovereignty.
They scream bloody murder, but
it's theater, it's face-saving.
They want these assholes dead
as much as we do.
They're a little less
enthusiastic
when we kill civilians.
Haqqani was a
legitimate target.
Everybody in
that farmhouse
had to know who he was,
a marked man.
He put their lives at risk,
not us.
(water splashing softly)
(groaning softly)
(grunts softly)
No, no. Lie back.
(speaks Pashto hoarsely)
(groans softly)
Please, tell me
what's happened.
First... there was a
noise in the air.
Then, we heard an explosion.
A drone strike?
No, it didn't
sound like a drone.
Where are my
mother and my sister?
Aayan...
I'm so sorry.
(speaking Pashto)
I'm sorry...
That's not possible.
No, stay. You're not well.
(speaking Pashto)
♪ ♪
Can you get in closer?
Who's he? Do we recognize him?
I think he's just a
kid from the village.
Well, he's definitely
spotted us.
You want me
to go with him?
No, stay here. See if you can
I.D. any of the casualties.
You got it.
Jesus, there were
a lot more people in
the farmhouse than we thought.
Hey, Chief. A call for you.
Hello?
QUINN:
Carrie, it's Quinn.
Quinn.
Long time.
Yeah.
What a clusterfuck, huh?
How you holding up?
It was a Taliban spokesperson.
I'm trying not
to get too worked up about it.
Yeah, we got protesters
outside the embassy here.
They pull this shit all the
time. If it wasn't a wedding,
they'd say it was a mosque
we hit or a...
orphanage
or a mosque for orphans.
Uh, this one
feels different somehow.
Why?
The time frame,
the way we went in.
The fact we didn't have eyes-on
before we ordered the strike.
Well, way to stay positive.
(crowd clamoring in distance)
You still there?
Yeah, I'm here.
(sighs)
Listen to me, Quinn,
worst case scenario:
it was a wedding.
Obviously not ideal.
But Dande Darpa Khel's about
as deep in the tribal area
as you can get.
I'm-I'm not following you.
Who's gonna risk going in
to verify anything?
Nobody, that's who.
We're bulletproof on this.
Bulletproof?
Completely.
Sorry.
We missed the 4:00.
Did you get my text?
I did. Thank you.
We sat on the platform
at Trenton for over an hour.
Can you grab
those wine glasses?
Yeah. I really wanted
to be here.
I know.
It's just,
Michael's my boss, and...
Well, I'll call him tomorrow,
I'll explain everything.
Thank you.
Everybody thinks we should buy
that apartment on 103rd.
Really?
Yeah.
What's wrong
with renting?
It's not committing.
So we keep our
options open.
Come on, Saul.
You promised to give New York
at least three years.
Three years?
I'll be pickled
and on the top shelf by then.
Don't say that.
Honestly.
It's not working out with Aaron.
Are you gonna get fired?
Is that what you're saying?
No.
(sighs)
It's just,
I really screwed up today.
Then unscrew yourself.
You go in tomorrow morning,
you apologize,
you do whatever it takes.
Mira...
No.
It's my turn.
We agreed.
(sighs):
Mira.
(lively music,
rhythmic clapping over video)
♪ ♪
(music playing faintly
inside room)
Aayan.
Where have you been?
We thought you...
Yeah. Well, I'm not.
We've been texting you for days.
Why didn't you answer?
I don't know.
I don't know
anything anymore.
Hey, are you all right?
I feel like a ghost.
(sighs)
Lost them all.
Whole family.
(music playing quietly,
pool balls clacking)
(sighs)
Hey, can I talk to you?
If you're interested
in the ballgame, sure.
If not,
you're wasting your time.
None of the above.
Well, you're pretty enough.
(chuckles):
I'll say that for you.
You're Mathison,
Chief of Station.
Who are you?
First Lieutenant
J.G. Edgars.
Uh, well, you got
my name right,
but I'm not agency; I'm an FSO
in the political section.
Bullshit.
Ma'am.
What do you want, Lieutenant?
You know me as Smash 12.
I flew the mission
into Pakistan the other night.
Hey, why don't you sit down.
Let me buy you a beer.
No, thanks.
Is it true
what they're saying?
It was a wedding party?
I don't know.
Even if I did,
I couldn't tell you.
Well, I feel sick
to my stomach about it.
Yeah.
You?
You ever feel that--
sick to your stomach?
Sometimes.
I try to see the big picture,
though. The mission.
It was a wedding, wasn't it?
I told you, I don't know.
I killed four Canadian soldiers
in January on bad orders,
dropped a 200-pound bomb
on their heads.
I'm sorry. I really am.
Monsters.
Wh-What did you say?
Fucking monsters, all of you.
Get the fuck out of my face,
Lieutenant.
Yes, ma'am.
RAHIM: Most countries
are run by madmen.
This one is no different.
Hey, keep your voice down.
Why? Who do you think
is listening?
No one will listen
if you keep shouting like that.
I'm not shouting.
Is this a
study group?
Do we not have
an exam tomorrow?
I don't know how you can study
after what's happened.
Yeah, well, it's much better
than being sad
all the time, so...
Well, the American ambassador
was on TV
again this morning.
So?
She's still saying
there was no wedding,
that it never happened.
For the last time, Rahim, no.
But they are dishonoring
your family.
People must know the truth.
KIRAN: He honors his
family by continuing
his studies, huh?
And becoming a doctor.
We can upload the video
anonymously,
if that's what you're both
so worried about.
I said, no.
No video,
no nothing.
But it's the right thing to do.
It's politics.
I want no part of it.
Well, I don't know
why I'm surprised.
And what's that supposed
to mean?
Oh, I should know by now
who I'm dealing with.
Cowards.
(doorbells jingle)
(phone ringing)
(sighs)
Hello.
WOMAN:
Carrie Mathison?
Speaking.
Hold for Director Lockhart,
please.
LOCKHART:
Carrie, you awake?
Uh, kind of.
You been online this morning?
No.
Well, Dande Darpa Khel's
gone viral.
(sighs)
Uh, say that again.
300,000 hits.
Video's only been up
for a couple hours.
What does it show?
A wedding, little girls dancing
A bride and her mother,
and then the missiles hit.
It's devastating.
Authentic?
Sure as hell looks that way.
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
(sighs)
Have you talked to Sandy?
He was my first call.
You two are gonna have
to put your heads together,
find me a way to spin this.
Well, why not come clean,
say we got the target right,
but the wedding
was an honest mistake?
That's not gonna cut it.
It has the benefit
of being the truth.
Look, Carrie, the
president's apoplectic,
I'm not far behind, and
the Pakistan Armed Forces want
a full accounting by tomorrow.
Whatever you need, sir.
What I need is you on the first
transport down to Islamabad.
(sighs)
(phone ringing)
(ringing stops)
(sighs)
(door closes)
I'm assuming this was you?
You did this?
(sighs)
It had to be done.
Take it down right now.
It's too late.
Half a million people
have already watched.
Rahim, I don't care.
Just do it.
Anyway, I can't.
What do you mean, you can't?
It was my cousin
who uploaded it.
Your cousin?!
Oh, what?
He knows the Internet.
He masked the IP
using a proxy server.
What does that even mean?!
Means, don't worry so much.
No one will ever be able
to trace it back to you.
Of course they will, Rahim!
I'm in the video!
Any idiot could join those dots.
So you'll be famous then.
You know, fuck you...
(speaks Urdu)
Call your cousin.
Tell him to take
it down. Now.
Call him!
Okay, okay!
(sighs)
-Hey.
-Yeah.
What's Signals saying?
Well, there's heavy traffic
on social media sites
and cellular services,
so no doubt about it.
We're gonna have
street demonstrations later on.
Any more on who
put out that video?
We'll have a name for you
by the end of the day.
You believe this?
I mean, what are
the fucking odds?
The ambassador's
demanding a sit-down
with the entire station.
Tell her after lunch.
She wants before.
Well, tell her there's no point
till Mathison gets here.
I'm picking her up at 12:30.
Okay, that works.
(phone vibrates)
Hold on a second.
All right, let me know when
Mathison gets in the building.
I will. Where you going?
Lie down. I feel like shit.
-Guts again?
-Yeah. Is a normal
bowel movement
too much to ask for?
(chuckles)
(machinery humming)
(keys jingling)
(music playing faintly)
(horns honking,
indistinct chatter)
(woman speaking indistinctly
over P.A.)
-Hey.
Welcome to Pakistan.
Uh, can we sit for ten minutes?
You give me the lay of the land?
Sure.
The ambassador's out front
with the locals on this,
so she's pissed.
Oh, I can't say
I blame her.
Sandy's intel was
good until now.
-What do you
think happened?
-No idea.
Not even his own
case officers know
what he's up to
half the time.
Lone wolf.
Leaves the embassy odd hours,
doesn't say where to.
Girlfriend?
Maybe, or maybe
he's meeting the asset
who's feeding him
these upper-tier targets.
So who is this
asset of his?
-Thought you knew.
-Nope.
I have no clue either,
so you'll have to ask him.
Well, I will,
'cause I'm the one
dropping fire on
all these people.
Yeah, well, I know
what that's like.
What?
Checking names off a kill list
for a living.
It's a job.
Doesn't bother you?
What about
when it goes wrong?
Doesn't happen that often.
But it did this time.
They were Haqqani's family.
They knew who he was.
They knew the chance
they were taking being there.
Sandy said the same thing.
Well, he provides
the coordinates,
I fly the missions.
We make a good team.
I guess Istanbul
was too tame for you.
Well, I was looking forward
to it, but Kabul opened up.
It's a hardship post.
It's more money.
Like you care about that.
It's more action.
But you can't bring dependents.
I wanted to bring you.
Why didn't you come?
We should get you
to the embassy.
(man speaking Urdu over TV)
Quinn.
...Station Chief
Sandy Bachman...
Fucking hell. Come on.
(bell jingling)
(door closes)
(door closes in distance)
(rattling door)
(phone beeps)
(door creaks)
(phone vibrating)
Hello.
QUINN: Sandy, it's Quinn.
Where are you?
In the residence.
No, you're not.
Security was just there.
Okay. I'm off campus.
Listen to me carefully, Sandy.
You are blown.
Somebody leaked your picture
to the press.
What?
We need to bring you in now.
I have to know exactly
where you are.
Did you hear me, Sandy?
Your face is all over
the goddamn TV news.
Yes.
Where are you?
I'm on Korang Road in I-9.
Did you take a vehicle?
SANDY: No.
QUINN: What's the intersection?
Street 10.
Okay, we can be there
in five minutes.
Keep your damn phone on.
(phone beeps)
(line ringing)
Found him. He's in the field.
Corner of Korang Road
and Street 10.
I'm on my way, but send a squad.
MAN:
Copy that.
(crowd chattering)
Hey, hey!
(speaking Urdu)
(panting)
♪ ♪
MAN:
Hey! (shouting in Urdu)
(crowd murmuring)
(tires screeching, horn honking)
Back! Back! Back!
(tires screech)
Get back!
(crowd clamoring)
Go! Go! Go!
(tires screeching)
Fuck!
Shit!
(tires screech)
(crowd clamoring)
Quinn, go!
(engine revving)
I can't.
There's another weapon in back.
Base, this is Sandy.
Contact with maybe
a hundred locals
on Street 10 and Korang Road.
Ask him how far out
the squad is.
There's no gun back here, Quinn.
It's under the seat!
It's not here!
Goddamn it.
Goddamn it!
Let him go!
(man shouting)
Get off me!
Get back!
(Sandy groaning)
Goddamn it! Help me!
-Help!
-(gunshot)
(Sandy screams)
Quinn!
(blow lands, Sandy groans)
Carrie, no!
We can't leave him!
He's gone!
There's nothing more we can do!
Now get down!
(tires screeching)
(clamoring continues)
(sirens approaching)
(sirens wailing)
(crowd clamoring)
Come on.
Just give me a minute.
We don't have a minute.
The ambassador needs
to be briefed.
Yeah, well, I
need a minute.
Plus, the director's gonna want
an after-action report ASAP.
We need to get
our story straight.
Carrie, give me
a goddamn minute.
Okay.
What do you mean, story?
You know what I mean.
We could have done more
back there.
You kidding me?
No, I'm not.
It was within our power.
You know what? Fuck you.
No, really, Carrie.
Fuck you.
What the hell is
wrong with you?!
What is wrong with you?
Five minutes. Inside.
I'm Carrie Mathison.
I need to see the ambassador.
Ma'am, you have blood all
over the side of your face.
Where's the bathroom?
To your right.
♪ ♪
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH